Sean’s testing notes:

Scope of Testing
In:

* 		Example framework: Java Script: React
* 		Browser: Chrome (Version 121.0.6167.139)
* 		Test using desktop browser

Out:

* 		We will not be testing the “Download”, “View of GitHub”, “Blog” and Twitter(X) buttons
* 		We also won’t be testing any other links from the page that are not part of the examples list/specified in out in scope section
* 		We will not be testing on mobile devices
* 		Keyboard navigation

Features To Be Tested
* 		Check status bar:
* 		Status bar is hidden when there are no ToDo items in the system
* 		Status bar displays "0 items left" when there are no items left
* 		Status bar displays "1 item left" when there is 1 item left
* 		Status bar displays "2 items left" when there are 2 items left
* 		Status bar can filter ToDo items: toggle between Active, All and Completed
* 		When there are any completed items, a "Clear completed" link appears in the status bar
* 		When the "Clear completed" link is clicked, all completed items are deleted
* 		Clicking the down arrow symbol next to the "What needs to be done?" box will toggle all items to Completed or Not Completed

As well as testing within each individual to-do list application, we want to test the behaviour across the different variants:
* 		ToDo items from one variant do not "bleed over" into other applications (e.g if you create a ToDo item in the React version, it is not visible in the Vue.js version)
* 		The master list of ToDo items is stored in the browser's local storage, with the key name "todos-<version>" (e.g. todos-react for the React version). This key contains a comma-separated list of all the UUIDs for the ToDo items.
* 		Each individual ToDo item has its own entry in local storage, for instance if todos-react says that there is a ToDo item with UUID b3a592f9-fbfb-6461-4eef-fba1274b5868 then there will be a corresponding key todos-react-b3a592f9-fbfb-6461-4eef-fba1274b5868 containing a JSON representation of that ToDo item.
An example of the desired JSON data for an individual ToDo item can be found below:

[Time block of 30 mins, longer if but reporting needed.]

Notes:

Status bar is only visible when there are items in the todo list.
Status bar does display 0 items left correctly
Status bar does display 1 item left correctly
Status bar does display 2 items left correctly
Status filters all work correctly.
Clear completed link is displayed regardless of whether any items are completely but does work as expected.
Clearing all items works correctly
Arrow beside test input box will mark each item as completed on uncompleted regardless of previous state of that item.

Items do not bleed over but are also not saved on the same variant either. 
Reloading the page will delete all todo list entries

Bug found in the local storage of the webpage:
Data is not locally stored and an error message can be found in the “inspect menu”:
“<label for=FORM_ELEMENT>” 

Last test listed above cannot be carried out as we cannot get to the UUID when the id value is invalid on the browser.
